if you watch our show with any
regularity you probably know that I love
a good prank and I especially there's no
one I love to pull them on more than my
aunt chippy who lives here in Las Vegas
let's bring a Trippi up how many years
have you lived here in Las Vegas 43
years
anchovies hobbies include video poker
smoking and yelling at people right
especially so I've been doing stuff the
entropy since I was a kid since I was a
child I used to put little explosives in
her cigarettes and the cigarettes would
explode I occasionally I've sent crazy
letters pretending they were from other
members of our family which always makes
you mad
I will crank call you at work all the
time in a way you are my muse and when I
got a television show and then the limit
the ceiling went way way up I found out
you'd never seen a sonogram before so my
cousin Sal and I colluded with an
chippies daughter my cousin Mickey who
was pregnant at the time with your
grandson to stage a fake sonogram and
we'll take a look at this
I know
[Applause]
you believe that for real of course I
believed it I believe it I'm so excited
I'm gonna see a sonogram for the first
time in my life uh-huh and it's my
grandchild and it's doing jumping jacks
and it's doing jumping jacks and it's
clapping its hands and picking his nose
doing a little disgusting gift but we
think we figured that out and once when
you were at work I sent a crew over to
paint your house orange and green do you
remember that we have a clip of that
[Music]
house painting
was that when your favorite of all the
pranks was that the bus was your
favorite I know I know you've been
expecting something she's been all week
like what are you gonna do to me what
are you gonna do well guess what
April Fool's Day but I'm not gonna do
anything to you because it would be too
obvious to do something to you on April
Fool's Day and in fact I'm gonna do the
opposite I know you have a crappy car I
know you have the plastic taped up on
your car so what I'm gonna do tonight -
maybe I don't know make amends for the
many pranks is I'm gonna give you a
brand new Mazda cx-3 tonight a car it
has a motor it is brand new it is a
beautiful car in fact let's go let's see
it right now it is uh well that's your
house it's supposed to be out front of
your house where is the car where is
okay there's cousin Sal hey Sal paint
okay so that's his aunt ship this house
and ship you really should lock up it's
too easy to get in the house so sounds
in the house this is your actual house
just confirm that for everyone yes show
us around a little bit sell well we have
all sorts of awards and proverbs on the
wall here uh-huh catch it a lot going on
there's the refrigerator she's got every
Christmas card since 1976 Oh way the
first time I was on the David Letterman
Show was like 1998 or something and I
showed a picture of a jack-o'-lantern
that my grandfather carved he put it in
the freezer to save it for the next year
and I was in the freezer for a whole
year that was more than 20 years ago is
it in there no there's no way it's still
in here that whoa yeah there are
and going into the sales room okay
that's fine 20 years that has been in
there I don't know if you guys have
eaten but this is either beef stroganoff
or brownies so you always were great
yeah come with me yeah this is our
grandfather's room he's deceased he was
killed by beef stroganoff but against
grandpa used to paint on beer cans and
there's Sammy Davis jr. he took his
talents in two eggshells I don't know if
you could see but he would paint on
eggshells that I think is a chippy right
there um that's uh either
I think that's Elton John Saddam Hussein
he really got everybody yeah then he
would go to uh eyeglass frames right I
don't even know no their eye guy's
lenses your lenses right
yeah there's torque you talked about
Jerry Tarkanian eating the towel yeah we
can't really see him but so well you
know what's out what about the car
though we forgot about the car oh the
car yeah follow me we were gonna put the
shower in this review yeah there is a
big picture painted no means big yeah
we're gonna put the car in the driveway
well we figured that's stupid so I we
let it right in here in the living room
[Applause]
you know we have cousins of two
Psychopaths
what is wrong with you I can't hear ya
oh you mean oh yeah I'm hearing usually
what is wrong with you I'm not hearing
thank you for the car at all where else
are we supposed to put it
you know I'm not gonna I only got a
couple of months till I get to 80 so I'm
not gonna make it I'm not gonna make
that with these two in the family oh
you're gonna make it in style a brand
new Mazda cx-3
[Applause]
and for real leather seats a six-speed
Automatic transmission and it's right
there in your living room the drives
take it anywhere you want take it into
the kitchen take it for a spin in the
backyard do not knock the house down
oh he can't hear me well hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you want to see all our latest
videos click the subscribe button and if
you don't click anyway and close your
eyes when they come on